Hi, I'm Ramble~ ^^
pork leg 400g, 1/2 onion, green onions 35g
Let's cook "Cha Seung Won Stir-Fried Spicy Pork"
Marinate pork leg in soy sauce 15ml,
crushed garlic 15ml, pepper
Stir until mixed well
Cut 1/4 onion into thin slices
Cut green onion into small pieces
Grate 1/4 onion
Make sauce with soy sauce 1.5 tbsp, red pepper powder 5 tbsp, sugar 3 tbsp, crushed garlic 1 tbsp, refined rice wine 1 tbsp, sesame oil 1 tbsp, grated 1/4 onion
Stir sauce ingredients until mixed well
Place marinated pork leg in a pre-heated pan and stir-fry
Stir-fry until half done and add the sauce
Stir until mixed well
Be careful not to let the suace burn
Add the cut green onion and oinion
Stir until mixed well
Sprinkle some sesame and stir until mixed well
Stir-Fried Spicy Pork Done!
Just Enjoy and Subscribe me! ^^